Add batch relative uri docs (#110)
MicrosoftDocs/OData-docs: Odata-docs/client/v6/batch-operations.md

	--changeset_b98a784d-af07-4723-9d5c-4722801f4c4d--
	--batch_06d8a02a-854a-4a21-8e5c-f737bbd2dea8--
```

> ## Relative Uris in Batch Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Relative URIs in Batch Requests
```

> There are instances where an odata service is behind a load balancer which usually rewrites the outer Uri but not the internal URIs such that the request going out from the client looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are instances where an odata service is behind a load balancer which usually rewrites the outer URI but not the internal URIs such that the request going out from the client looks like:
```

```html
	POST https://myservice.com/$batch HTTP/1.1

	--batch_xyz
	GET https://myservice.com/People HTTP/1.1
	Content-Type: application/http
	Content-Transfer-Encoding: binary
	OData-Version: 4.0
```

BUT when it hits the load balancer it's rewritten to
```html
	POST https://loadbalancer/$batch HTTP/1.1 // changed to loadbalancer uri

	--batch_xyz
	GET https://myservice.com/People HTTP/1.1 // uri in the body remains unchanged
	Content-Type: application/http
	Content-Transfer-Encoding: binary
	OData-Version: 4.0
```

While the odata service actually expected
```html
	POST https://loadbalancer/$batch HTTP/1.1

	--batch_xyz
	GET https://loadbalancer/People HTTP/1.1
	Content-Type: application/http
	Content-Transfer-Encoding: binary
	OData-Version: 4.0
```

> But since we cant change the internal batch uri to the load balancer uri, we instead get around the problem by using relative uri's to fix this as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But since we can't change the internal batch URI to the load balancer URI, we instead get around the problem by using relative URI's to fix this as follows
```

```html
	POST https://loadbalancer/$batch HTTP/1.1

	--batch_xyz
	GET /People HTTP/1.1 // uses relative uri
	Content-Type: application/http
	Content-Transfer-Encoding: binary
	OData-Version: 4.0
```

> `ExecuteBatch` and `SaveChanges` defined in `DataServiceContext` accept `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` option which allows individual requests in batch to use Relative Uris. In this case, they will rely on the Base Uri of the top level request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ExecuteBatch` and `SaveChanges` defined in `DataServiceContext` accept `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` option which allows individual requests in batch to use Relative URIs. In this case, they will rely on the Base URI of the top level request.
```

> ### Relative Uris in Batch Queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Relative URIs in Batch Queries
```

We can pass the `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` option along with other batch options to `ExecuteBatch` method as follows.

```
var batchResponse = dsc.ExecuteBatch(SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithIndependentOperations | SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri, peopleQuery, airlinesQuery);
```
The same options apply to `ExecuteBatchAsync` method.

> ### Relative Uris in Batch Modification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Relative URIs in Batch Modification
```

	--changeset_b98a784d-af07-4723-9d5c-4722801f4c4d--
	--batch_06d8a02a-854a-4a21-8e5c-f737bbd2dea8--
```

## Relative Uris in Batch Requests

> There are instances where an odata service is behind a load balancer that make its actual URI different from as they appear to the clients. Use of relative URIs instead of absolute URIs would allow the client to invoke batch requests.

Author: #Resolved

> `DataServiceContext` provides `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` which allows individual requests in batch to use Relative Uris. In this case, they will rely on the Base Uri of the top level request.

Author: #Resolved

### Relative Uris in Batch Queries
We can pass the `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` option along with other batch options to `ExecuteBatch` and `ExecuteBatchAsync` methods as follows.

```
var batchResponse = dsc.ExecuteBatch(SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithIndependentOperations | SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri, peopleQuery, airlinesQuery);
```

> The same code format applies to async methods.

Author: #Resolved

### Relative Uris in Batch Modification

> We can pass the `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` option along with other batch options to `SaveChanges` and `SaveChangesAsync` methods af follows.

Author: #Resolved

```
dsc.SaveChanges(SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithSingleChangeset | SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri);
```

> The same code format applies to async methods.

Author: #Resolved

A truncated request Payload will look like this:

> ```html

Author: I saw it in other examples written that way

	--changeset_b98a784d-af07-4723-9d5c-4722801f4c4d--
	--batch_06d8a02a-854a-4a21-8e5c-f737bbd2dea8--
```

> ## Relative Uris in Batch Requests

Reviewer 2: It might help to give a quick blurb on how/why relative uri's are useful

`ODataServiceContext` provides `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` which allows individual requests in batch to use Relative Uris. In this case, they will rely on the Base Uri of the top level request.

### Relative Uris in Batch Queries

> We pass `SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithSingleChangeset` or `SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithIndependentOperations` with `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` in the ExecuteBatch and ExecuteBatchAsync Methods af follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can pass the `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` option along with other options to `ExecuteBatch` and `ExecuteBatchAsync` Methods as follows.
```

```
var batchResponse = dsc.ExecuteBatch(SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithIndependentOperations | SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri, peopleQuery, airlinesQuery);
```
```

> var batchResponse = await dsc.ExecuteBatchAsync(SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithIndependentOperations | SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri, peopleQuery, airlinesQuery);

Reviewer 2: It dont think it's necessary to show both examples. Just one should suffice with an indication that the same applies for the async versions. Maybe even a quick example of the kind of error it helps fix. So a scenario/example with before (with error[s]) and after relative URI

Author: I don't think showing errors that were there before this feature is prudent. My assumption is we are documenting a new feature not a fix to some issue.

```

### Relative Uris in Batch Modification
We pass `SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithSingleChangeset` or `SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithIndependentOperations` with `SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri` in the SaveChanges and SaveChangesAsync Methods af follows.

```
dsc.SaveChanges(SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithSingleChangeset | SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri);
```
```
await dsc.SaveChangesAsync(SaveChangesOptions.BatchWithSingleChangeset | SaveChangesOptions.UseRelativeUri);
```

A truncated request Payload will look like this:

```html

	--batch_06d8a02a-854a-4a21-8e5c-f737bbd2dea8
	Content-Type: multipart/mixed; boundary=changeset_b98a784d-af07-4723-9d5c-4722801f4c4d
	.....
	.....
	.....

> 	GET /People HTTP/1.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	GET /People HTTP/1.1  // Relative URI is used
```
A short comment here so people know what they are looking at and what to look out for
